
---------What did you learn? What did you know already?---------

I recoqnized alot of the syntax from previous experience with C#
most of the functions however where new to me.
I learned a bit about I/O streams after having some issues with lingering characters.
I learned a bit about working with a 'solution' in visual studio, and GitHub, both of which I feel was valuable.
I also learned how to turn of the "decrepit error" in VS, which I don´t know if it´s really a good thing.

    
    
---------What was difficult in the lab? How did you overcome it?---------

My first troubles started, just like with IDLE in the previous course, with the actual IDE itself.
It seemed like visual studio were installed without any C++ functionality, this was a hastle to figure out, but sorted eventually.

I had some problems at Task5 Person Record, using scanf(), and printf(). 
this was where I first encounter the aforementioned problems with lingering characters in the inputstream, newline specifically.

I also had a fair bit of problems doing task 8: Half pyramids, mainly due to having a bad brain.


What I always find the hardest are the instructions, more specifically how to interpret them.

For example somewhere it was implied I should be using a bool, when in reality it wasn´t fitting for the program I was writing, 
so I had to write a crappier program or shittier code then I normally would.

another example: Task 8, 
    should the pyramids be printed in unison? 
    is it meant to be just one input, or one for each? 
    are they supposed to be the same function?
if you're extremely anal, the examples doesn´t even match the instructions.
But most of all I just wanted to write 'anal' somewhere, and now I´ve done it twice!.


---------How can the lab be improved?---------

I would prefer either more specific instructions OR more general instructions, if that makes sense.
more specific instructions so you know exactly what to do and in what way you are expected to do it.
OR
more general instructions so you know what the intention of the program is, but it´s freely up to you to decide how to get there.

I do understand however, that some elements of the lab must be specified, since we´re supposed to be learning them.

This is not so much the labs but the lectures, why are we instructed to use decrepit stuff?


---------Additionally, give an estimate how many hours you spent on this lab---------

I would guess 6~7 hours, which feels ridiculous considering what the programs actually do, but I guess the time is in the things you don´t see.
40% spent googling what the hell is wrong with VS
60% spent googling what the hell is wrong with code



---------Other thoughts---------

I might seem whiny, but I wouldn´t say anything if not asked to.
other than that I am excited to learn more.

//Sebastian